To run just open object_oriented_python_practice.py in VS Code and click Run Python file. When the main function is called everything is tested.

I created a class called Student with name, email, and grades attributes. I added a method for adding grades, returning the average of a student's grades, and a method for displaying a student's information. I created 3 student objects. I used the add method to add 2 new grades to each student. I called the display_info method on each student to display their information. I created a dictionary called student_dict that mapped each student's email to their Student object. I also wrote a function using the get method to retreive a student object from the dictionary by passing it the student's email. Since the function only takes in an email and not the dictionary and the email I felt the need to make the dictionary a global variable, so that the function would have access to it. I also made the student objects global so that I could add them to the dictionary. I added a grades_tuple method to the Student class that returns a students grades as a tuple by converting from a list to a tuple. I wrapped some code trying to change a tuple with try/except so I could catch the error and print it out. I wrote a function to demonstrate knowledge of list operations by printing the first and last grade for each student (I grabbed the first grade at index 0 and used negative indexing to get the last grade), printing the number of grades that each student has, and then removing the last grade from each student's grade list using .pop(). I wrote a regular expression for expexted email syntax and stored it in a variable called email_pattern. I then used the re.match() method to check each student's email against that patern to see if it was valid or not and printed out the result for each student. I wrote a for loop to go over each student and then put a nested loop inside that loop to check each grade in that student's grade. If a grade was over 90 then a counter would be iterated. When all grades were done being checked in all students the total number of grades over 90 would be printed out.
